This is a simplified version of the well known Monopoly Board Game (and probably a major
trademark infringement).

To begin the game, execute the code.  The game will ask for the number of human players
first, followed by the number of AI players.  Players will then be able to choose their
tokens.  Players will roll their dice to determine the turn order.

On a player's turn, the player will roll the dice and move.  If they land on a location that
is not owned by another player, they will have the opportunity to purchase that property.
If the location is owned by another player, the player will be required to pay rent.  After
that, players will be given the chance to purchase houses, sell houses, sell property, or
mortgage property.  If a player desires to purchase property from another player, this will
have to be done verbally during the owners turn.  Once the buyer and the owner agree on a
price, the owner will have the option to sell the property to the buyer for the price agreed
on.

When a player can no longer afford rent (or quits the game), they can choose to declare
bankrupt and remove himself or herself from the game.  When only one player remains, he or
she is declared the winner of the game.

If a player rolls doubles, they will be able to take another turn.  If they roll doubles
three times on the same turn, they will be sent to jail.  He or she can be released by
rolling doubles on their turn.  If they fail to do so within three turns, they will be forced
to pay a $50 fine.  Players can elect to do this on their own during any of the three turns.

Buying houses for a property will raise its rent value, increasing the rent paid when players
who do not own it land on it.  When a player purchases the fifth house, the houses are
replaced with hotels.  Houses and hotels can also be sold when money is scarce.

Another method for increasing funds is mortgaging a property.  When a property is mortgaged,
players who land on the property will not be required to pay rent.  All houses must be sold
before a property can be mortgaged.

Currently in development is the AI actions and decisions.  Community Chests and Chance
locations do not currently serve any function.  There is no networking capability planned
for this game.